docs: Fixed typos and capitals and added clarification for channels in Rust tutorial (#5874)
prefix-dev/pixi: docs/tutorials/rust.md

version = "0.1.0"
description = "Add a short description here"
authors = ["User Name <user.name@email.url>"]
channels = ["conda-forge"] # (1)!
platforms = ["linux-64"] # (2)!

[tasks]

[dependencies]
```

> 1. `conda-forge` is the default conda channel for Pixi. You can change it to any compatible conda channel. Or include multiple conda channels, e.g. `["robostack", "bioconda", "nvidia", "pytorch"]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `conda-forge` is the default conda channel for Pixi. You can change it to any compatible conda channel. Or include multiple conda channels, e.g. `["robostack", "bioconda"]`.
```
Both nvidia and pytorch are deprecated channels. All their packages are now available in conda-forge so to avoid the AI's to pick up this information I would remove it.

> 1. `conda-forge` is the default package manager for Pixi. You can change it to any compatible package manager. Or include multiple package managers. e.g. `["robostack", "bioconda", "nvidia", "pytorch"]`.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't it be `... is the default conda channel for Pixi.` ?

The package manager is pixi (or conda) which then uses one or more channels. For pixi, the default conda channel is `conda-forge`.

So what about:

```suggestion
1. `conda-forge` is the default conda channel for Pixi. You can change it to any compatible conda channel. Or include multiple conda channels, e.g. `["robostack", "bioconda", "nvidia", "pytorch"]`.
```
